Hi, Rob.
>> All right, everybody. This is the April
29th special 2026 special board of
finance meeting, which as you know, we
called for a singular purpose, which is
to discuss uh the request from the
Andover Board of Education for release
of funds uh related to the bathroom
project. I'll go ahead and start the
meeting and start with the pledge of
allegiance. I pledge of allegiance to
the flag of the United States of America
>> and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation under God, indivisible,
>> with liberty and justice for all.
>> All right, everybody. Uh, we'll start
real quick uh with public speak. Uh, the
only member of the public I see here is
Joanne. So, um, just as a reminder,
Joanne, you know, it's a single topic
meeting. So, uh, if you have a comment
related there too, by all means, fire
away.
>> Just listening, Rob. That's all. Just I
didn't know how big the meeting. No
comments tonight, that's for sure.
>> Yeah, it's this is a real short special
one. It was something that I was
supposed to get to last time and failed
to. So,
>> gotcha. Yeah, just
>> the manopa meeting. [gasps]
>> Uh, so I circulated to everybody uh I
believe the email that that I had gotten
that had the quote and you know the bid
for this um was a second and sons um to
do the work. It looks like at at the end
of this process, we, you know, when we
went and got extra bids, it looks like
we've gotten a bid here that's, you
know, about half uh what we were looking
at before, which looks great to me. I
saw an email from Jeff Murray strongly
recommending this contractor. Uh, and I
know Bill, you were involved uh earlier.
If if you want to pipe up and and
mention any of your thoughts, I'd be
happy to to do that. I'll just say that,
you know, we got five quotes and um at
first most when you get into this kind
of quote, typically what you do, you
take the highest quote and the lowest
quote. You throw them out. That happens
all the time. Um and and we kind of did
that at first when Jeff and I were
reviewing this. We were looking at the
three middle quotes. Uh we kind of went
to the next highest quote and we didn't
like it because that was the original
contractor that Fuss O'Neal had um
recommended and they had dropped their
price, you know, like $150,000 somewhat
in that area and we just thought we
didn't trust them after that, you know,
why was it $400,000 dropped down to, you
know, 250 and we just thought we didn't
like that. So we looked at the next two
middle votes and we were looking at
them. We threw out another one because
it wasn't a complete package. They
didn't have the project uh timeline.
Val's aware of that. And um so we
started going back and look at the
lowest one just for haha second dino at
207. And it was the most complete
package of all the bids that were
submitted. We we liked the package and
the timeline
the the most out of all of them. And
we're just surprised it was the lowest
price as well. So we feel very good that
we have the lowest price and a very
complete bid package of all the packages
that we got. and um that's why we we
recommended them and so the rest of the
board.
>> Awesome. Thank you for that synopsis. Uh
I mean I'm just I'm just thrilled
because the the numbers are so much
better.
>> I'll just add the last thing is we did
recommend I think Val, was it 20% as a
contingency?
>> So [snorts] there's a there was a 2 and
a half% performance bond amount that
needs to be added. Mhm.
>> Um and the contingency wasn't yet
recommended. Um
>> Oh, okay.
>> So, right, it wasn't recommended at this
point
>> cuz things happen. You always have, you
know, things of that nature. So, that's
why we had recommended 20% because the
quote was the lowest quote. So my
recommendation with um this meeting to
um Rob as the chair was that we went
with a number of 220 because the number
220 gets us that original 207. It gets
us the 2% performance and it gets us the
um a small amount of what would be the
oversight but it doesn't purposely it
doesn't complete the project because the
8 weeks or 9 weeks going to go pretty
fast but I figured this board would want
us to appear before the final payment.
So 220 guarantees that I would have to
come back to you guys with Eric with the
board prior to that final payment. So
that that update as quick as it's going
to go, that update would happen. We'd be
able to review everything and then you
guys would have to vote again on that
final payment. But we would know what
that final payment was at that point. So
that's our purpose in saying 220. We
know that 220 doesn't cover the whole
thing, but that would make sure that you
guys felt comfortable like, okay, that
last payment's going to have to have to
come through our our our purview there.
So,
>> gota
>> Well, that all makes sense to me. Uh, do
other members of the board uh have
questions about the the status of this
at this point? Uh, any any thoughts or
questions that they want to bring up?
Um, I just want to say
>> I just want to say I'm really happy with
um the contract. It looks so much better
than what what we expected and and they
it sounds like they this is like right
in their wheelhouse which is really
exciting.
Um I was thinking that we're probably
voting to
approve the funding. Correct. I'm
assuming Lisa, maybe Lisa can a answer
this question about the funding portion
of it. I'm assuming that since the money
is in the town that the bills would be
sent to us and or to the finance
department and they'd be pay be paid. Is
that the way that would operate
>> out of the capital account?
>> In my experience, that's what I've done.
Yeah. because it's a capital purchase
and
>> right and I think you know if this board
does as we've been asked to do and
authorize up to 220 out of that account
for this purpose that should allow Lisa
to just go ahead and do that
>> okay um I had one other one other
question actually sort of comment and it
sort of involves Eric Eric Eric you're
there right um I did look at your
contract and I did have like a little
bit of comment
Um I actually don't know about
construction. So I consulted with um
someone who's in the business and did
have a little bit of feedback and I was
wondering if I could pass this along
with you all and ask what you think. Um
the one thing that um was a little bit
concerning was the part um is it four
where uh assumptions where it's like
where you say site visits will be
conducted as needed to support scope of
uh services. The recommendation was that
whoever's doing the oversight because
the oversight portion is so important to
make sure you know for our protection
legally and whatnot um to make sure that
somebody goes to the site any day that
the contractors are there to work to
take um photos
either photos or video evidence of
everything that's done and whatever. So
you can kind of maintain a log of
activities and whatnot. And the other
thing was to um
to per uh yeah so so someone that would
go every single day not just as needed
but it would be expected that you would
go at least every day that the
contractors are there. Um, and I would
even say
myself, I'd be willing to even raise
raise the uh the budget to ensure that
that happens because I think it's kind
of important for for our protection that
we get that photographic documentation.
Um, what Eric, maybe if you could just
talk about your experience with that,
maybe that would be helpful.
He's here, right? That's him on the
phone, right?
>> I believe he's he's about he's he's
muted at the moment. [clears throat]
>> I don't know if we're having technical
difficulties here.
>> No. Or maybe
>> Yeah. My my first question when you
started explaining that, Liz, was well
this is the contract that we we have
here, you know, going to support that
number of hours, you know. Um, so that
that would be a question, but um,
>> it's not it's not it's not all it's just
>> Excuse me. Um, can you try to unmute him
from your end because he says hard time.
>> Sure. Um
>> Oh, there he is. He's on now. You
unmuted him.
>> I did. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I still see mute. I'm sorry. I still
>> I still see him muted. I
I There's an ask to unmute
and I clicked that.
>> Okay. I'm going to get him on the phone
so you can actually hear him.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, wait, wait. He muted.
>> Hold on. You might be able to hear me.
Hi, Eric. Hi, Eric.
>> For some reason. Hi.
>> Yeah. Okay. I was saying a couple things
before. Apparently, you got to hit star
six to unmute. I don't know why. Um
>> even though I was unmuted. So, so yeah.
So, um,
you know, I've done a lot of projects,
some some really big, some in the 1.5
to2 billion dollar range for the Navy
and critical infrastructure for that.
And, and what I've noticed over time is
is being up the contractor's butt when
it's not necessary um, can be
disheartening for them and they they
feel that. So, I do feel there needs to
be eyes on it on a daily basis with
pictures being taken. Um, but a lot of
that stuff is going to become, you know,
you stop in on a Tuesday, Thursday,
maybe some people get their eyes on it
during the week. Um, also, but if you
stop in a few times, you don't want to
be fully
in the contractor's face at all times.
Um, it gets disconcerning for them. And
then, you know, you have your weekly
report, right? So, at the end of the
week, you have a meeting. Um, that
meeting, you're going to take the weekly
activities. We'll have pictures.
Obviously, we'll be stopping by the site
um before the end of the day, you know,
before the meeting to make sure all the
things on the contractor's schedule have
been completed. Um, if not, we're going
to make corrections. We're going to
figure out schedules to to get it back
on track. Um all those things are are
just really general
practices that that we have to do. Um do
we think we can have people there on
site on a daily basis to to check in?
Yes. Um
so so that portion I think we can take
care of it. Um
but it's more so
>> it's more than just that. It's more so
setting the contra contractor up for
success from the day we sign the
contract. Right? So we have a we have a
very small schedule to deal with. Um so
the day we sign the contract and I've
already had a small talk with the
project manager from a second like I
have expectations. Those expectations
are I need a submitt log for them and
they need to have all their submitts in
when within the first 3 weeks. um that
gives bus and O'Neal time to review
them, give approvals, and give those
things back to them. The other thing we
need is long lead items. Uh so there's
not a lot on this project. It's a it's a
very small project. So um but the
bathroom partitions, right, for all the
stalls, those sometimes can take up to
10 weeks. Um, so we need to figure out
which are their long lead items. Get
those in first. Make sure we have the
funding release because they might be be
giving us some early bills for stuff
they're they're purchasing right off the
bat. Um, but we need to make sure we're
getting those long lead items because if
we only have 8 weeks over the summer and
we wait till the summer to order it,
we're we're not getting bathroom stalls
in in time. So we need to make sure that
those items are being clarify
stated to us and we need to make sure
that they can release them and fuss and
O'Neal also has to be on board to
approve them in time uh to get those
things ordered. But um
you know for on-site activity I mean
granted you know I'm I'm in the town a
couple times a week probably 3 to 4. Um,
you know, I'm I'm typically not there on
a Wednesday, so that's that's my main
day that I'm not there, but I think Val
can team up with me on that and maybe
cover some photos and some things that
has to be done on a Wednesday. But
besides that, I'm in town to stop by,
take photos.
>> Um,
but
>> but also we need to get some systems in
place, too, on who wants to be on this
weekly meeting, right? I can't be the
only one representing the town. I think
it it would be really good to have
another party, even if it's one, um, on
these weekly minutes calls to to update
progress, billing, certified payroll,
everything that has to go on. Um, so if
we can figure out maybe one person
>> from the town and maybe one person from
the school.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. Talk to me about the what we what
were you talking about the the payroll
situation because this is not a
>> Yeah,
>> there's Yeah, talk to me about that.
>> What does that mean?
>> It's a prevailing wage. It's it's a
prevailing wage job.
>> Is that required? Um considering it's
there's not um state or federal funding.
>> Yes. anything over $100,000 for a
alteration to a building then yes 100%.
And I think we all already agreed on
that um in the purpose of the RFP.
>> Oh okay. Okay. All right.
>> So yeah. So so
>> so like new construction like the
community center like it caps. You don't
have to go into prevailing wage if it's
under $1 million. But if it's an
alteration or a remodel, anything over
$100,000 in the state of Connecticut
based off of a municipality or school,
you have to kick in prevailing wage. Um,
luckily for us, it it honestly didn't
factor too much in on the price. Um, the
bids came in much lower than we all
thought, so it it honestly worked out
well. Um, personally, I thought they
were going to come in a lot higher, so
>> Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks for that.
>> Yes. Yeah. And so another point to this
is like if you know say and and maybe
I'm not the person to oversee it or
whatever the board decides that's that's
something for the future but um one
thing is figuring out the communication
for the bills right so I feel like um
when the contractor submits an invoice
they need to be submitting that to
whoever is the person overseeing it.
They need to make sure that the work is
actually in place and the progress has
been progressing, right? They can't bill
for 75% of the work if they've only done
50. And then we just need to make sure
they have all their certified payrolls
and everything intact. Um and then once
that's approved, I feel like it should
be sent off to the town for final review
and then or you know the board. I'm not
sure how the money works on your end,
but um whoever the final person is and
then they can go ahead and approve and
pay the final invoice.
>> My thought my thought on that would be
that if we have oversight
[clears throat] in place and we as a
board approve the funding um you know
once a bill has been reviewed by
oversight, it should just go to the
treasurer and get paid. That's my
thought.
>> Well, first it first through to Jod
because obviously we have uh our own
auditing records that we need. So, um,
Jod and Kate, and the reason why Kate,
um, and myself, of course, wanted to
make sure that we had someone like Eric
in place was not to pay $100 and 251 125
to take pictures and things. That's
Kate, that's myself, that is um, our
business person, but to make sure that
um, we know what we're looking at. And
that's where Eric comes in. Um, and so,
uh, that was why our board decided to
have, um, that oversight there.
>> So, we're thinking Bill goes to Eric, he
looks at it, says it's good, Jody, or
maybe Jod and Eric at the same time, and
then Jod sends it to Lisa and says,
>> "Yep."
>> Okay.
>> And then, so it'll have multiple
approval. Kate's part of that process,
too, as the board chair. So, um, you
know, once it gets to Lisa, it's going
to have multiple signatures on there,
and Lisa's going to know, um, that
everything's all set and ready to go. I
think it should still be looked at by at
least the town administrator before I
can print that check.
>> Town administrator.
>> But but I mean if we if we've approved
>> the town
>> No, this is part of our policy. If
that's coming out of our town checking
account, which it will be, I have to
have signatures on there when I don't
care if you have 10 signatures on there.
We have a minimum signatures of the
town.
>> All right. Tell you what,
>> I'm not going to put I I sorry, but I
don't think I put through huge checks
without having
>> the town administrator signs every
check.
>> Okay. Well, we'll get him looped in and
if he has questions or if there's any
sort of problem, alert me and
>> um no problem working with Matt. Not a
problem. It's
>> great guy. I think I think he's on.
>> That's fine. He was on. He was off. I I
just let him back in.
>> Uh that's fine. Okay, Lisa. I
understand. Um, he'll be
>> by the time it gets to you guys, by the
time it gets to Lisa and Matt, it should
be all teed up.
>> Correct.
>> Yeah. Betted teed up. Yep.
>> Yep. So, we're good. Yeah. No, I've met
Matt a few times. Yeah, we're good.
>> Okay.
>> As long as I have like It would be great
if I had some kind of construct because
I don't think I got the email with
everything in it and I don't need it
certainly. Um, as long as we have like a
schedule of timeline so that we can know
when we can expect these these checks
are going to be due. You know what I
mean? It's like is this a year project,
six month project, a three
>> that'll be included
>> eight weeks.
>> Yes. So, it's it's in the contract that
I provided.
>> Well, I haven't seen the contract. I'm
not privy to that.
>> We'll need to get that.
>> That's all I'm asking is just can I have
that so I can be prepared.
>> Why don't we do this once it's done yet?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Wait. Once it's signed.
>> Yep. Why don't we send it to Lisa
>> and I can meet with Not a problem. I'll
meet with Matt as soon as the contract's
official and um you know make sure that
he's up to date. He's already toured the
school and seen the site and so not a
problem. Um okay.
>> So I I can explain it really quick. This
is really simple.
>> It's it's really simple. I can explain
it quick. So in the contract, because
this is a typical AIA contract, and this
is just how every big project is done um
for towns and municipalities. So a
pencil wreck is like uh a rough draft of
what they want to put in for their
billing for that month. Um this is only
an 8week project. We'll have a little
bit of billing up front and maybe some
retainage release at the end. So we're
talking about maybe three payments. Um,
every payment that the contractor bills
is due to whoever the oversight is on
the 20th of each month. Then we have 5
days to review it, give them any edits
back. And then they send us our final
copy by the 25th. Um, or however, you
know, if it runs on a weekend, then it's
due the following Monday. And then we
have 30 days beyond that point to cut
the check. So it's net30 from the point
of approval of the invoice. So
contractors send it in on the 20th. We
have to approve or give edits back and
have the final by the 25th. And then we
have 30 days from that point to to make
the payment. If you want to make it
sooner, you can, but contractually you
have 30 full days to make the payment.
>> Sounds good.
and having experience with the community
center and and running that one. It it
you you guys paid much quicker than
that. So, it was it was actually a good
fresher breath air honestly from the
other side to see somebody do that. So,
um I don't see any issues with it.
>> Eric, isn't there normally a schedule of
payments that's attached to the project
line?
>> Yeah. So, they're going to provide us
with a schedule of values,
>> right?
>> That will be a Yep. So that will be a
list of every single item. It it this is
a small one. So it might be like 20
items, 15 items and there it's all going
to be on a specific form. So when you
get a payment or a bill, it's going to
say this period and it's going to be all
the bills they have for this period. And
then the next bill, those will shift
over to a column that says past period.
And then you'll have your new period and
then the retainage automatically
calculates. And you know, we're holding
back by law 5%, that's what we're
allowed to do by law. Um, just to make
sure that the punch list and things get
done at the end. Um,
>> but yeah, that's like a normal project.
>> Substantial completion, they get it.
>> Uh, no. So, not at substantial
completion. So at substantial completion
means like people can go and start using
the bathroom but there could be things
that you know maybe Jeff you and I or
Val or somebody goes and does a walk
through we're like hey like go fix that
grout line right so you hold back 5% of
the project which is in this case 10,000
and change um to make sure that they're
dealing with some of the small things
that have to be done. But the way our
contract works is substantial completion
is multiple days before school opens. So
we're giving them an additional like
almost 5 days to go and handle our punch
list items, right? So we might have a
consecutive bill one after another. Um
but you know, you need to hold that
money back to make sure you know they're
they're they're making sure it's up to
your standards.
>> So I have a question. Are there any town
inspections during this project?
>> Yeah, this can be fully inspected.
>> All right. So,
>> there's no special inspections um which
is like a third party, which it's not
needed. Um we're not pouring foundations
or doing structural steel or anything
like that. So, there's no special
inspections, but there's the normal town
inspection.
>> Inspector, Randy, I guess it is right
now.
>> Randy.
>> Yeah. Or the Bolton guy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah, he he did the Andover Community
Center, too. He's a good guy.
>> He's a good guy. I've worked with him
numerous times.
>> Me, too. He's good.
>> Shared services, baby.
>> All right. [clears throat] Um,
does anybody have any further questions?
Oh, Kim, go ahead. A quick one. Um,
going a little backwards. Where do we
stand with Fuss and O'Neal now? Are we
Is that Are we paid up? Is everything
finished.
>> What is That is a good question.
>> No, their final payment wasn't paid. Um,
>> and how much is that?
>> Uh, you'd have to talk to uh Jod and
Lisa. I don't have that number in front
of me.
>> Okay.
>> I think it was singledigit thousands,
but I can't remember.
>> Yeah.
>> I feel like there was a meeting where we
heard something about
a removal. Was it a asbestos removal or
something?
>> That's a entirely separate thing.
>> I don't think it was removal. I think it
was like a certification kind of thing,
right?
>> Yeah. Every 3 years we have to do the um
testing um aera it's called a h e r a
and that was an entirely separate thing.
I had nothing to do with the project. It
was just our three-year time period to
get that done.
>> So is it fair to say that once that last
invoice is paid that the contract within
O'Neal is complete and done?
Um, I would say yes, but I I without
looking at it, Kim, honestly, in front
of me, I don't want to miswer that
question. Um, I would have to speak with
uh Jod about that. I have not looked at
that final one.
>> When you say done, they're still
involved with the project. They're still
going to do the inspections. They they
don't call them inspections, but they
still come in and make recommendations.
>> Correct.
>> What they see right
there. Can I they they they have
something in their contract called CS
services, right? So constructive
basically administration services,
right? So that was in your contract with
them cuz I I read it.
>> So they have to handle any RFI for the
project, which is a request for
information. So, if something doesn't
jive and maybe this wall, we're not
tearing down walls necessarily, but like
if something doesn't jive in the project
or a contractor has a question, they're
obligated by contract to answer that
question and give the path forward.
They're also supposed to review all
submitts, meaning every toilet that goes
in, every piece of pipe, every single
thing that goes into this building, they
have to review and approve and put their
stamp on it. Um and then they don't own
any inspection portion of it um or any
payment reviews but they are there as
support that if there's a discrepancy in
the drawing they will go ahead and and
make that recommendation of what to do
and then they will also review and make
sure the thing that the contractor is
stalling is to plan. Um, so that's
that's what their obligation is for CS
services
>> and then they make final inspection.
That's the only time it's actually an
inspection, right? Is final inspection.
>> Everything else is just
>> No. So,
>> nope. So, it's all based on the the
submitts, the RFIs, and and then close
out documents. So, um if there's any
manuals for anything that has to be put
in that need to be maintained, they
review that. But um typically an
engineer does not do any final
inspections that's based on the building
department.
>> I appreciate
>> we appreciate your explanations. They
make a lot of sense. So in your
experience, will there be further
billing from Fusset O'Neal or
>> No. No. I think I think
>> I I think that's basically it. I mean,
so there's not a lot of submitts on this
project. There's probably going to be
about 20 in total. Um, I already put a
list together there. There's not a lot.
So, I mean, it's very minimal time to be
spent. Maybe some questions in the first
two weeks of the construction, but
besides that, we really don't need them
from that point on.
>> Okay. Good. Good. Thank you very much. I
appreciate all your answers.
All right. Well, if nobody has anything
further, um my suggestion would be we
make uh we make a motion here in act.
>> I'll make the motion that we approve the
uh was it 220,000 I think. Yeah,
$220,000
>> uh to be approved for the project for
the bathroom project at the AES. Now
just a clarification you know the board
of ed request 220,000 from the as
capital
>> fund
>> for this purpose. Yes.
Do we have a second?
>> Anybody? Anybody? Anybody want to
second?
>> Louise, is that you? I see you're muted,
so I saw a hand though.
>> Yeah, sorry. I'll second it.
>> Okay, great.
Any further discussion before we vote?
Hearing
none, I'll move around.
Uh, Bill, [clears throat]
>> yes.
>> Heather,
>> Liz,
>> yes.
>> Kim,
>> Louise,
>> yes.
>> Nick,
>> And I'm a yes. That's 70.
>> Hopefully this goes smoothly. I want to
thank everybody who was involved in
this, the committee and and the board of
ed and everybody. Um, I think we ended
up in in the right place.
Um, that was our action item. So, what
I'm going to do is move to second round
of public speak and we can adjourn,
guys. So, uh, that leaves, let's see,
the only member of the public here
is Joanne, I think. There's somebody
>> and Matt and Matt.
>> And Matt.
>> Matt. Well, right. Matt, the town. Yes.
>> And Lisa.
>> And Lisa. Yeah.
>> I I don't This is Matt. I don't have
anything. Thank you.
>> Thank you. Sorry, I I think of town
employees, a member of the public. I'm
going to start with uh with Joanne.
[gasps]
>> Yeah, thank you, Rob. I was just going
to say that um the only thing I was
going to add real quick was I do work in
a school, you know, in a big school
system, too. And I just wanted to
verify, you know, what um Eric had said.
Um we have a lot of big projects that go
on during the summer. We're constantly
letting, you know, construction crews
and, you know, the contractors in and
generally there's not a lot of oversight
during the week because that would
probably, you know, it would be hard for
the contractors, too. I mean, you'll all
decide what you want to do, but I love
his his response saying like once or tw
I see supervisors coming in at the
beginning of big projects, checking it
out, letting us know who's there, you
know, in the building. then they kind of
leave them to their to their, you know,
working on their work and then, you
know, check in with them once a week and
then whatever. So, I thought that was a
good point. Other than that, good luck
with everything.
>> Okay. Thank you. All right. And yeah,
for for
completeness, uh, Lisa, did you have any
further commentary?
>> No, I'm good.
>> Okay, great. Uh, Matt, you already said
you're good. Eric, do you have anything
further to add?
>> No, not nothing at all. Um, I think I
think we got a good path forward and I
think our our best thing is to sign the
contract as soon as possible so we can
start to release all the backend
paperwork. Um, because that takes a
while and we want to get that done
before school's out. So,
>> um,
>> well, thanks for making time tonight and
answering all the questions. That was
helpful.
>> Did you go around the whole board and
get everybody's vote?
>> I missed that.
>> I did everybody's vote.
>> Yeah, I went around the whole board.
Everybody voted yes.
>> Thank you. I missed that somehow.
[laughter]
>> Well, you know, this is what happens
when I schedule impromptu meetings.
>> All right. Uh, do we have a motion to
adjourn?
>> I actually wanted to motion to Oh,
>> I have a comment. I just I just want to
thank Eric for all his help on this
project.
>> Absolutely.
>> It was very much appreciated.
>> Thank you, Eric.
>> You're welcome.
>> Eric, I appreciate
tonight.
>> All good.
>> Sorry. Was that you, Liz, who wanted to
motion to adjurnn?
>> Make a motion to adjurnn. I'll second
it.
>> All right, Liz motions. Louise seconds.
>> Bill,
>> yay.
>> Heather,
>> yep.
>> Kim,
>> yes.
>> Liz,
>> Louise,
>> yes.
>> Nick,
>> Me, yes.
Thank you all. I appreciate you making
time for this since I didn't get this in
our last meeting. My bad. Thanks a lot.
And I think we're gonna go. Appreciate
your time.
>> Take care, everybody.
>> Have a good night.